<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<! DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "/plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.
V1_2/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GIF">
<title> How to Create a GIF using the Command Line on a OS X Operating System </title>
	<shortdesc>
		This task will enable you to create a GIF using the terminal on a Mac computer.
	</shortdesc>

<taskbody>
	<prereq>
		<p> Ensure that you meet all of the software and hardware requirements.</p>
		<p> Have an operational understanding of how a terminal works.</p>
		<p> Select a video clip.</p>
		<p> Download  mplayer, imagemagick, and gifsicle. All of these can be downloaded 	   from the  Homebrew Package Manager </p>
		<p> Have a "gif" directory </p>
		</prereq>
				
<content>
<p> This task will enable you to create a GIF using the terminal on a Mac computer. </p>
</content>
<steps>
	<step>
	<cmd>
	Take the segment of video that you chose and note the start  in H:MM:SS timestamp   format. Note the end time as well. 
</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>
Use the mplayer package to transform the video into a series of images.
</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>
Input into the terminal: "mplayer -ao null -ss H:MM:SS-endpos 5 -vo gif89a:outdir=gif videofile.mp4 " ao= audio output, it is null because the gif will be silent; ss is the start position, input the time stamp in H:MM:SS format; endpos is the end position, input the number of seconds that elapse from the start time stamp to where you would like the gif to end; gif89a is the output format; outdir=gif is our output director; videofile.mp4 if the format of the video we have trimmed.
</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>
You should now have still images in your "Gif" directory. Go through and remove the unnecessary images at the start and end, so the gif appears smooth. If you want, you can manually do this outside of the command line by going into the directory. 
</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>
Use the gifsicle package to convert the series of images into an animated " gif. gifsicle --colors=256 --delay=4 --loopcount=0 --dither -O3 *.gif " animation.gif. 256 is a good number of colors of an animated gif to still be easily uploaded; loopcount is the number of times the gif repeats itself; dither adds noise to the image file to randomize quantization error/ prevent color banding
</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
