<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.v1_2/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">

<reference id="post">
<title>Buttons Within a Prose.io Folder</title>
<shortdesc>
	A description of the different functioning buttons within a Prose.io folder and how to identify them.
</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><title>Links</title>
<p>Most of the words in a Prose.io folder actually link to other either inside or outside folders. For example, in the responses folder for Writ 4662W, the Writing-with-Digital-Technologies-f15 links to all our class repos. 
Similarly, if you are in a specific week or group folder, "Responses," also near the top, links back to the full Responses repo.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Icons</title>
<p>There are several different icon buttons that you will see. The yellow envelope icon represents another folder that you can enter. 
The M with an arrow denotes a text post, while a pink "play" triangle symbol in front of a blue rectangle represents an image file. 
Lastly, the trash can icon to the right of each file means delete. By the text posts there should also be an "Edit" link; you can edit by going into the file as well.</p>
</section>
<section><title>History</title>
<p>At the very right of a Prose.io page is a panel with recent updates to repos that you are a part of. They show either a green or red circle to tell whether you can access them or if they are outdated and no longer able to be opened. 
If the circle is green, just click on the file name and it will take you right to the file.</p>
</section>
</refbody>
</reference>