<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_program_bulbs_to_groups" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Programming Light Bulbs to a Lighting Group</title>
    <shortdesc>You can program one or more light bulbs to a lighting group to operate that group
        with your remote control.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Kevin Lewis</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2015"/>
            <copyrholder>Remote Lighting Enterprises</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>lighting group<indexterm>programming for light
                    bulbs</indexterm></indexterm>
                <indexterm>programming a lighting group</indexterm>
                <indexterm>light bulbs<indexterm>programming to lighting
                    group</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Your remote control can manage up to 250 network light bulbs on the same lighting
                network. When you add a light bulb to the network, you can program it to one or more
                lighting groups. You must assign a light bulb to at least one lighting group to
                operate that light bulb.<note>A network light bulb that is not programmed to a
                    lighting group will still operate when controlling all network light bulbs from
                    the remote control.</note></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <stepsection>To program light bulbs to a lighting group:</stepsection>
            <step>
                <cmd>Make sure your remote control is in range of the light bulbs you are
                    adding.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step id="step_if_bulb_new">
                <cmd>If a network light bulb is new, you must install it by performing the following
                    steps:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_nt1_k44_kr">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Make sure power to the fixture where you are installing the light bulb
                            is turned OFF.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Remove any existing light bulb from the light fixture.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Install the network light bulb into the light fixture as you would any
                            standard light bulb.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Turn power to the light fixture on.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>The light bulb begins to brighten and dim while finding the
                            remote control’s network.</stepresult>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Repeat Step <xref
                                href="#how_to_program_bulbs_to_groups/step_if_bulb_new"
                                format="dita"/> for each new network light bulb.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn power on to the fixtures containing network light bulbs you want added to
                    the light group.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step id="step_turn_power_off">
                <cmd>Turn power off to the fixtures containing light bulbs you do not want added to
                    the light group. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the remote control, press and hold the desired lighting group button for 5
                    seconds.</cmd>
                <stepresult>The button indicator for the selected lighting group flashes green while
                    the light bulb(s) are added to the group. If the indicator flashes red, the
                    lighting group was not activated and you must try again. Light flashes red for 3
                    seconds if programming fails.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Leave the light fixture switches ON so that power is available when using your
                    remote control to turn the light bulbs on and off. Also remember to turn on any
                    excluded fixtures that you turned off in Step <xref
                        href="#how_to_program_bulbs_to_groups/step_turn_power_off" format="dita"
                    />.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
