<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="how_to_turn_on_off_dim_lights" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Turning On/Off or Dimming a Lights</title>
    <shortdesc>You can turn on, turn off, or dim a lighting group by pressing the group number
        button and then pressing the power button or the dimmer control.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Kevin Lewis</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2015"/>
            <copyrholder>Remote Lighting Enterprises</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>light bulbs<indexterm>dimming</indexterm><indexterm>turning on and
                        off</indexterm></indexterm>
                <indexterm>dimming lights</indexterm>
                <indexterm>turning on and off lights</indexterm>
                <indexterm>lighting groups<indexterm>dimming</indexterm><indexterm>turning on and
                        off</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>You must turn on, turn off, or dim an entire lighting group together. You cannot
            control one individual light bulb in a group (unless only that light bulb is programmed
            to the group).</context>
        <prereq>Before you can operate a lighting group you must <xref
                href="how_to_program_bulbs_to_groups.dita#how_to_program_bulbs_to_groups">program
                the network light bulbs</xref> you want included in that lighting group.</prereq>
        <steps id="steps_bh5_zlq_3r">
            <stepsection>To turn on, turn off, or dim lights:</stepsection>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the lighting group(s) you want to operate:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note type="caution">When selecting a lighting group, do not press and hold the
                        lighting group button for longer than 4 seconds. Doing so activates light
                        bulb programming for the selected lighting group.</note>
                </info>
                <choicetable id="choicetable_nsk_5by_3r">
                    <chhead>
                        <choptionhd>For this situation...</choptionhd>
                        <chdeschd>Perform this task...</chdeschd>
                    </chhead>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Operate the lighting group that was last controlled</choption>
                        <chdesc>Do not press a lighting group button (pressing the button is
                            optional). The most recent lighting group remains current on the remote
                            control.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Operate one lighting group</choption>
                        <chdesc>Press the number button for the lighting group you want to
                            operate.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Operate all lighting groups</choption>
                        <chdesc>Press the 1-4 button.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Turn on/off all network lights regardless of
                            programming</choption>
                        <chdesc>Do not press a lighting group button (pressing any lighting group
                            button is irrelevant). Skip to the next step.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                </choicetable>
                <info>
                    <note>You have 5 seconds to operate the selected lighting group once it is
                        activated. After 5 seconds of inactivity (when the green indicator light
                        turns of), you must start over.</note>
                </info>
                <stepresult>The button indicator for the selected lighting group turns green when
                    the group is activated. If the indicator turns red, the lighting group was not
                    activated and you must try again.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn on, turn off, or dim the lighting group:</cmd>
                <choicetable id="choicetable_zpb_m4q_3r">
                    <chhead>
                        <choptionhd>For this lighting result...</choptionhd>
                        <chdeschd>Perform this task...</chdeschd>
                    </chhead>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Turn on/off</choption>
                        <chdesc>Press the power button. The selected lighting group turns on if it
                            is currently off and turns off if it is currently on.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Turn on/off all network lights regardless of
                            programming</choption>
                        <chdesc>Press and hold the power button for 5 seconds. All network lights
                            (even if not programmed) initially turn on. Repeat this task to turn
                            them all off.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Dim up (brighten)</choption>
                        <chdesc>Press upward on the dimmer control. You do not have to press the
                            power button first.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                    <chrow>
                        <choption>Dim down (soften)</choption>
                        <chdesc>Press downward on the dimmer control. You do not have to press the
                            power button first.</chdesc>
                    </chrow>
                </choicetable>
                <stepresult>The power button indicator turns green if the signal is successfully
                    sent. If the indicator turns red, the signal was not sent and you must start
                    over.</stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>The light bulbs in the selected lighting group turn on, turn off, or dim depending
            on your selection.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
