<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd" []>
<task id="publishing-a-post-on-github-through-prose.io">
<title>Publishing a post on GitHub through prose.io</title>
<shortdesc>
  This document instructs on how to publish a post to the WRIT 4662W Responses repository on GitHub.com using prose.io
</shortdesc>

<taskbody>
<context>
  <p>To accomplish this goal you will need to:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Have access to a computer with an internet connection</li>
    <li>Create a GitHub account</li>
    <li>Authorize prose.io to post to GitHub</li>
    <li>Write the post and submit it</li>
  </ul>
</context>
  <steps>
    <step>
      <cmd>Navigate to the prose.io webpage.</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
      <cmd>Click the "Authorize on GitHub" button.</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
      <cmd>Find "responses" from the list of repositories and click it.</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
      <cmd>Access your team's folder for that week.</cmd>
      <substeps>
        <substep>
        <cmd>Click on the folder that corresponds with the current week in the semester.</cmd>
      </substep>
      <substep>
        <cmd>Click on the folder that corresponds with your team's number.</cmd>
      </substep>
      </substeps>
    </step>
    <step>
      <cmd>Click the "New File" button.</cmd>
    </step>
    <step>
    <cmd>Write the post.</cmd>
    <substeps>
      <substep>
  <cmd>Type a name for the post in the space at the page's top.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
  <cmd>Write in the main body of text.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
  <cmd>Use the menu at the top to create headings, link images, create bolded text, etc.</cmd>
</substep>
    </substeps>
  </step>
  <step>
  <cmd>Publish the post to GitHub.</cmd>
  <substeps>
    <substep>
    <cmd>Click the "Save" button.</cmd>
  </substep>
  <substep>
    <cmd>Write some text describing your post in the smaller text box.</cmd>
  </substep>
  <substep>
    <cmd>Click the "Commit" button.</cmd>
  </substep>
  </substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
